README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

📝 Add basic information about template

README.md, after:

## Next.js Template

This is my personal Next.js template that I generally use when starting new projects. This template adds the following to the default Next.js setup:

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- Tests using [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) & [Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/)
- [Fathom Analytics](https://usefathom.com/ref/P1PPJP)

## Installation

To use this template, use `create-next-app` with the `--example` (or `-e`) option

```bash
create-next-app --example "https://github.com/rathesDot/nextjs-template"
```

This runs you through the installation process of Next.js and you can start working on your project like with any other Next.js project.

## Configuration

This template ships with a `.env.example` file with variables to configure Fathom.

```
FATHOM_TRACKING_CODE=
FATHOM_INCLUDED_DOMAINS=
```

Make sure to fill in the values to get tracking working with Fathom. Read more about this on ["Deploy a Next.js App with Analytics Using Fathom and Vercel"](https://vercel.com/guides/deploying-nextjs-using-fathom-analytics-with-vercel)

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.
